Carousell is a community marketplace/classifieds platform in Singapore, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Malaysia, Taiwan and Indonesia that lets you buy & sell everything from fashion, clothing, accessories, beauty products, electronic gadgets, furniture, books, luxury goods, cars, bikes, services, houses & jobs. Declutter your closet, room, or home by putting them up for sale on Carousell - the best place to find a new home for your pre-loved items! When buying and selling lead to greater possibilities, Everyone Wins!

Running out of storage space for new purchases?
★ Open an account for free
★ Create listings in 30s to sell or shop online from a massive online marketplace
★ Set up your own mobile & web e-commerce store quickly & seamlessly – it’s as easy as posting on Instagram
★ Buy & sell new or secondhand items with ease for free
★ Customise search with keywords for fast & easy shopping

FOR SELLERS
★ Offer your preloved items to free up your garage & make money at the same time
★ Snap, List, Sell: free listings with up to 10 photos to sell your new & used / 2nd hand items
★ Feel free to offer goods for sale, services, jobs, property and cars
★ Share listings on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Telegram & Whatsapp
★ Gain a good reputation by earning positive feedback from other Carousellers
★ Boost credibility by connecting via Facebook, email & SingPass
★ CarouBiz - Carousell for Business, a new subscription service to access our premium suite of tools to help support business branding and operations

FOR BUYERS
★ Browse second hand branded goods like designer bags, sneakers, clothing, makeup, beauty products & watches
★ Improve your home with our services category offering Cleaning Services or our Home & Living category offering great deals for furniture & electronics, like sofa & TV
★ Enjoy the weekends by buying a used console like Playstation, Nintendo Switch or Xbox to rest & relax
★ Not sure what best fits your electronics needs? Popular electronics stores are on Carousell! Find electronic gadgets like earphones, tablets, phones & TVs
★ It is a treasure trove of unique, vintage or limited edition items! Or use the price filters to find deals up to 99 % off retail price for great savings!
★ Conduct safe transactions through Carousell Protection

CAROUSELL PROPERTY
★ Looking to sell Property? Do it yourself without real estate agents on Carousell by reading the resources available on our Carousell blog and become a property guru. Selling property has never been easier
★ Start your home search on Carousell with thousands of real estate listings broken down by properties for sale & properties for rent
★ Find property on Carousell with 1000+ of properties for sale such as condos for sale, townhouses for sale, apartments for sale, foreclosed for sale & house and lot for sale
★ Start your property journey by buying or renting your next property on Carousell. Browse Condos rentals or Condos For sale to find your perfect home.
★ Rent office space, hire moving services and furnish it with office furniture
★ Filter by location & price to find your cosy condo or luxury real estate
★ Choose to deal with real estate agents or direct owners for a smove transaction

CAROUSELL AUTOS, MOTORBIKES AND ACCESSORIES
★ Looking for a car finder? Buying a car or bike on Carousell is easy and convenient
★ Search for cars for sale & filter by used or new cars
★ Deal directly with users & start your car buying journey with Carousell
★ Search for motorbikes for sale & filter by types of motorcycles for sale
★ Accessorise your ride or service your vehicle by searching for workshops and accessories
★ Read content from Oneshift to learn more about buying a used car under our used cars for sale category & be a smart & safe motorist
★ Selling cars is simpler on Carousell

Other countries supported: Australia, Canada, New Zealand. Not all features are available in all countries.
Terms of Use: https://carousell.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360023894734
